gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Assessment.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Assessment
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Crew.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Crew
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Resource.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Resource
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/PeopleRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.PeopleRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Friendship.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Friendship
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/Application.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.Application
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/ResourceType.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.ResourceType
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/User.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.User
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/FilmService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.FilmService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Film.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Film
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/filter/AuthorizationFilter.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.filter.AuthorizationFilter
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/configuration/SecurityConfiguration.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.configuration.SecurityConfiguration
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/AuthenticationService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.AuthenticationService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/UserRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.UserRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Collection.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Collection
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/CommentsRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.CommentsRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Cast.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Cast
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/CommentsService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.CommentsService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/FriendsRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.FriendsRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/controller/FilmController.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.controller.FilmController
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Producer.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Producer
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/repository/FilmRepository.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.repository.FilmRepository
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Person.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Person
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/PatchUtils.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.PatchUtils
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Status.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Status
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/filter/AuthenticationFilter.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.filter.AuthenticationFilter
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/model/Date.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.model.Date
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/service/UserService.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.service.UserService
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/controller/CommentsController.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.controller.CommentsController
gal/usc/etse/grei/es/project/controller/UserController.java
 gal.usc.etse.grei.es.project.controller.UserController
